{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red22\green25\blue31;\red244\green245\blue247;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The sun will come out.\
Met a forically of course.\
It's Portland. you fool! \
\
Today's not your day.\
Tomorrow will be better.\
Go have a craftt beer.\
\
Chairish, honesty.\
Only good frends will tell you.\
When your socks don't match.\
\
The best Rremedy\
For those who are unhappy.\
Is to go outside.\
\
High Kues are eesy.\
But sometimes they don't make sense.\
Refrigerator.\
\
5\
\
Seek wealth. Not in ccash,\
But in living. If that fails\
There's always bitt coy. in.\
\
Outside dogs, books are\
Man's best friends. But Inside dogs,\
It's too dark to read.\
\
Are you from round here?\
Put away, Your umbrella.\
It's only water.\
\
Woman needs a man,\
Like a Portland. Hipster. Fish,\
Needs a bicycle.\
\
Your Volks Wagon broke.\
Unicycle's in the shop.\
Guess you'll take the Max\
\
10\
\
Try something crazy.\
Don't be afraid. You'll find love,\
On the other side.\
\
Trial period\
Ended. Purchase more fortunes\
For 10 99.\
\
It's your lucky day!\
You'll receive a promotion!\
For a free car wash.\
\
If you live, each, day,\
As if it were your last. Then,\
Some day, you'll be right.\
\
Don't be afraid\
To fall face first. It's at least\
The right direction.\
\
15\
\
You onnly regret\
The things you did not a tempt.\
Do not ask.  "What if?"\
\
Don't doubt your courage.\
Love, is mostly ill advised.\
But its always, brave.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Walking in the woods,\
Light clings between the branches.\
Live within that space.\
\
Behold my wisdom.\'a0\
Listen and be enlightened.\'a0\
I'm a cat. Meow!\
\
Cat I reflections.\
Luckk, returns with abundance.\
Breathing for the world.\
\
20\
\
Bright cuts through the dark.\
Refractions are shimmering.\
Much can be found here.\
\
Wanderr inside light.\
Explore the fabulous sights.\
Simple love, comes back.\
\
The rainn, fawl sharply.\
No need forr an umbrella.\
This, is your beauty.\
\
You seek a fortchun?\cf2 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Felines, sometimes tell a lie.\cf2 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Ask yourself instead.\
\
Broken and fractured.\cf2 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A fallen leaf magnified,\cf2 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Becomes whole again.\'a0\
\
25\
\
Embrace thee, absurd.\
Laugh easily and often.\
It will keep ewe yunng!\
\
Feeling jittery?\
Put down the moka cheeno,\
And get high on life!\
\
Alone, with the sea,\
Standing like an ancient stone.\
Change comes, with the tide.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Seek quality time.\
Ree ject sew shul media.\
Hashtag. Problem solved.
\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 You'll receive something\
You never knew you needed.\
Check every free box.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
30\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Tat tews are righteous.\
But don't be hasty. You have\
The right to bare arms.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 All work and no play.\
Relax! Sometimes you need to\
Eat the dessert first.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 You'll find confidence,\
Where you would least expect it.\
World Naked Bykhe Ride.\
\
Fun fact about cats.\
We have two hundred types of\
Mouth bacteria.
\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Seek ed ewcation.\
You may end up know wiser.\
But ewe will know it.\
\
35\
\
The further you go,\
The more ewe will understand\
Everything is here.\
\
No matter the job.\
If it gives your life meaning,\
Then it's a career.\
\
Give him a challenge.\
He will enjoy it all year.\
Buy him a puzzle.\
\
Facing mew tinny?\
Stop trying to wear the pants\
And show them your kilt.\
\
Hands cupped. Waiting for\
Light across the darkk water.\
Cross the bridge to see.\
\
40\
\
Old worn pack ready.\
The compass will guide you to\
a brand new outlook.\
\
Moonlight. In your eyes.\
Look up to see, Something new.\
Breethe in. A fresh view.\
\
Return to something\
Long forgotten and ewe'll find,\
You still remember.\
\
Reflective garments\
Show abstract light in the night.\
Allow them to see.\
\
Waiting in a line\
Can lack excitement. But your\
Patience wins the day.\
\
45\
\
We know that snake oyl\
Is not the best solution.\
Slyde back to science.\
\
You will find someone\
Your spirit touches quickly.\
A friendship, that's true.\
\
Speak your heart out loud.\
Your words echo into the night.\
Their impact unknown.\
\
Sunday brunch again?\
Seems you've got a Bad Habit.\
Try cooking at home.\
\
\
}